fix: modifing order of the timeout and listeners to avoid incorrect errors (#100)
ExpediaGroup/service-client: README.md

* promise based - no callbacks

## Contents

> - [@vrbo/service-client](#vrboservice-client)

Reviewer: Please rollback this change. There is no need to be so specific and provide every header in the Contents, i.e. we can ignore headers which go before the Contents section itself and there is no need to include 3+ level headers as it reduces readability.

### Global Defaults

- **protocol** - The protocol to use for the request. Defaults to `"http:"`.

> - **connectTimeout** - The connection timeout for the socket. Defaults to `1000`.

Reviewer: Rephrased to emphasize the use of ms
```suggestion
- **connectTimeout** - The number of ms to wait for a socket connection. Defaults to `1000`.
```
